README.md, before:

# **Become a Software Professional 2023**


## **Application**

Mega Rocket is a web application designed to help gym members and trainers manage their activities, schedule classes, and handle their membership. Currently, the application is built using HTML only, and CSS and JavaScript will be implemented shortly.

Installation
To start using the Mega Rocket, simply open the index.html file in your web browser. There is no need to install any software or libraries.

Usage
Once you've opened the index.html file in your web browser, you will be taken to the home page of the Mega Rocket. You can navigate to different sections of the web application using the menu at the top of the page.

## **Deployment**

To deploy the project, I will be using GitHub Pages. GitHub Pages is a web hosting service that allows me to deploy my website directly from a GitHub repository.

**Link:** https://ivanjukonis.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-04/index.html

## **Week 01**

**Product Discovery**

In order to resolve the weekly problematic, there was an emulation of the Product Discovery phase. We used **FIGMA** to develop the **screenflow** of the application.

There was no code introduced in the repository.

## **Week 02**

 **Git and HTML**

There was an introduction into **Git** and **HTML**. First codes were introduced into the repository.

I developed the Landing Page of the application only using HTML. There has not been CSS code written on this week.

## **Week 03**

**CSS**

The objective of this week is to understand the usage of **CSS**.

In order to move through the weekly problematic I had to: Make corrections into the html file of week 2, add styles into the landing page using CSS, and make sure the landing page is similar as the one created into the figma screenflow.

## **Week 04**

**Flexbox and Responsive Design**

During week 4 of the project, we made a significant change in our approach by shifting to using **FlexBox**.

With flexbox, we were able to create more complex and dynamic layouts for the webpage. We also focused on making the page **responsive**, meaning that it can adapt to different screen sizes and devices. This involved utilizing media queries, adjusting font sizes and images, and repositioning elements on the page to ensure optimal viewing on all devices.

Overall, the transition to flexbox and the focus on responsive design greatly improved the quality and usability of our webpage.

## **Authors**
- Ivan Jukonis

Commit message:

BaSP-W05-2023: Small corrections into all exercises in order to deliver the problematic

README.md, after:

# **Become a Software Professional 2023**


## **Application**

Mega Rocket is a web application designed to help gym members and trainers manage their activities, schedule classes, and handle their membership. Currently, the application is built using HTML only, and CSS and JavaScript will be implemented shortly.

Installation
To start using the Mega Rocket, simply open the index.html file in your web browser. There is no need to install any software or libraries.

Usage
Once you've opened the index.html file in your web browser, you will be taken to the home page of the Mega Rocket. You can navigate to different sections of the web application using the menu at the top of the page.

## **Deployment**

To deploy the project, I will be using GitHub Pages. GitHub Pages is a web hosting service that allows me to deploy my website directly from a GitHub repository.

**Link:** https://ivanjukonis.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-04/index.html

## **Week 01**

**Product Discovery**

In order to resolve the weekly problematic, there was an emulation of the Product Discovery phase. We used **FIGMA** to develop the **screenflow** of the application.

There was no code introduced in the repository.

## **Week 02**

 **Git and HTML**

There was an introduction into **Git** and **HTML**. First codes were introduced into the repository.

I developed the Landing Page of the application only using HTML. There has not been CSS code written on this week.

## **Week 03**

**CSS**

The objective of this week is to understand the usage of **CSS**.

In order to move through the weekly problematic I had to: Make corrections into the html file of week 2, add styles into the landing page using CSS, and make sure the landing page is similar as the one created into the figma screenflow.

## **Week 04**

**Flexbox and Responsive Design**

During week 4 of the project, we made a significant change in our approach by shifting to using **FlexBox**.

With flexbox, we were able to create more complex and dynamic layouts for the webpage. We also focused on making the page **responsive**, meaning that it can adapt to different screen sizes and devices. This involved utilizing media queries, adjusting font sizes and images, and repositioning elements on the page to ensure optimal viewing on all devices.

Overall, the transition to flexbox and the focus on responsive design greatly improved the quality and usability of our webpage.

## **Week 05**

**Javascript**

During week 5, we delved into the fundamentals of **JavaScript**, the programming language that powers much of the interactive content on the web. We covered essential topics such as variables, data types, operators, and control flow. Through a combination of lectures, readings, and practical exercises, we gained a solid understanding of the core concepts of JavaScript and how to use them to build interactive web applications.

Throughout the week, we completed a total of six sections, each with its own set of exercises to reinforce our learning. We tackled everything from basic syntax to more advanced topics such as functions and arrays. By the end of the week, we had developed a solid foundation in JavaScript and were well-prepared to move on to more complex applications in the weeks ahead.

## **Authors**
- Ivan Jukonis
